money money money should you share
pricing on your website hey i'm sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show so the big
question should you add pricing to your
website well for me it's a big fact yes
the reason being is first and foremost
it shows transparency so you're giving
people a clear idea of what your
products or your services are likely to
cost before they get in touch with you
and you might be thinking sam will we
want to have a conversation with our
prospect first we want to understand
their goals their objectives any pain
points and then point them to a solution
that's a good fit for them sure but on
the flip side if they see your hiding
rates on the website perhaps they think
you're gonna hide something else from
the future or perhaps all your
competitors are showing pricing and
they're more likely to go with a
competitor because they're more open
transparent and honest so it might put
you a disadvantage for that reason
secondly it helps qualify prospects a
lot better because rather than having a
cool or back and forth emails with a
prospect about their goals objectives
etc it gives people an idea of what your
rates are at and means it's not going to
waste your sales team or your own team's
time
qualifying prospects that don't have the
budget or the funds to do business with
you in the first place
and to add to this you can back up your
pricing on your website with social
proof
so you can put your rate cards and you
can add client testimonials that are
relevant or client review videos or
accreditations to back up why your
pricing is what it is with happy
customers and testimonials
and lastly
you might be thinking well
we don't offer an off-the-shelf product
sam perhaps instead of being a software
as a service or a general set product
price company maybe you've got custom
project rates well that's fine perhaps
you can give an example of what your
different project rates range from so
maybe project one ranges from one to
five grand project two is five to ten
grand and project type three is perhaps
10 to 15k plus fine give people an idea
what that is again back it up with some
kind of social proof reviews and
testimonials and that way you're
qualifying people better before they get
in touch with you and you're giving them
the transparency of where you're at so
that's it from me today on website
pricing if you've got an opposing or a
different view would love to hear it in
the comments below if you're watching or
if you're listening on the podcast why
not drop me your ideas on hello
webchoiceuk.com and with that i'll catch
you on the next one cheers